[6.5][NET] Update NUI layouts (#1521)
Samsung/tizen-docs: docs/application/dotnet/guides/user-interface/nui/absolute-layout.md

<style>
    .tabcontent img {
        border: 1px solid #555;
        max-width: 100% !important;
        max-height: 100%;
    }
</style>

> # Absolute Layout

Reviewer: #Absolute layout

> # Absolute layout

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Absolute Layout
```

> `AbsoluteLayout` allows to explicit positioning of the children components. The positions are defined from the top left cornet of the layout and can be set using the `View.Positions` property.

Author: Done

> `AbsoluteLayout` allows to explicit positioning of the children components. The positions are defined from the top left corner of the layout and can be set using the `View.Positions` property.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`AbsoluteLayout` allows positioning of the child components using explicit values. The positions are defined from the top left corner of the layout and can be set using the `View.Positions` property.
```

> `AbsoluteLayout`, allowing explicit positioning of children. Positions are from the top left of the layout and can be set using the `View.Position` and alike. `AbsoluteLayout` is default layout for every new view.

Reviewer: `AbsoluteLayout` allows to explicit positioning of the children components. The positions are defined from the top left cornet of the layout and can be set using the `View.Positions` property.

Author: Done

| Property | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | `Position` | float, float, float | Sets or sets the position of the view. |

Reviewer: Probably typo here? "Sets the position of the component in the layout"

| `Position2D` | int, int | Sets the position of the view for X and Y.  |

> | `PositionX` | float | Sets or sets the position Y of the view |

Reviewer: Same as above, and use X position here.

Author: Done

> | `PositionY` | float | Sets or sets the position Y of the view. |

Reviewer: Same as above

<div id="TabSection1">
    <div class="sampletab " id="ProjectCreateTab">
        <button id="AbsoluteLayout-Example-CSharp" class="tablinks " onclick="openTabSection(event, 'AbsoluteLayout-Example-CSharp', 'TabSection1') ">C#</button>
        <button id="AbsoluteLayout-Example-Xaml" class="tablinks " onclick="openTabSection(event, 'AbsoluteLayout-Example-Xaml', 'TabSection1') ">Xaml</button>
    </div>
    <div id="AbsoluteLayout-Example-CSharp" class="tabcontent">
        <table>
            <tbody>
                <tr>
<span style="display:block">

```csharp
View absoluteLayoutView = new View
{
    WidthSpecification = LayoutParamPolicies.MatchParent,
    HeightSpecification = LayoutParamPolicies.MatchParent,
    BackgroundColor = Color.White,
};

absoluteLayoutView.Layout = new AbsoluteLayout();

TextLabel header = new TextLabel
{
    Text = "Stylish Header",
    PointSize = 25,
    Position2D = new Position2D(290, 270)
};

View redView = new View
{
    BackgroundColor = Color.Red,
    Position2D = new Position2D(232, 220),
    WidthSpecification = 800,
    HeightSpecification = 5
};

View greenView = new View
{
    BackgroundColor = Color.Green,

>     Position2D = new Position2D(232, 208),

Reviewer 3: Just a question.

```
    BackgroundColor = Color.Red,
    Position2D = new Position2D(232, 220),
```

```
    BackgroundColor = Color.Green,
    Position2D = new Position2D(232, 208),
```

According to the code, doesn't the green come above the red?

It seems the order should be green (208) -> red (220) -> text (270) in Y axis
But in Absolute-Layout-Example.png, red comes above green.

Reviewer: Right, i updated sample code.

        <table>
            <tbody>
                <tr>
<span style="display:block">

```xaml
<View
    WidthSpecification="{Static LayoutParamPolicies.MatchParent}"
    HeightSpecification="{Static LayoutParamPolicies.MatchParent"
    BackgroundColor="White">

    <View.Layout>
        <AbsoluteLayout />
    </View.Layout>

    <TextLabel
        Text="Stylish Header"
        PointSize="25"
        Position2D="290,270"/>

    <View
        BackgroundColor="Red"
        Position2D="232,208"
        WidthSpecification="800"
        HeightSpecification="5"/>

    <View
        BackgroundColor="Green"
        Position2D="232,220"
        WidthSpecification="800"
        HeightSpecification="5"/>

    <View
        BackgroundColor="Blue"
        Position2D="242,200"
        WidthSpecification="5"
        HeightSpecification="400"/>

    <View
        BackgroundColor="Magenta"
        Position2D="254,200"
        WidthSpecification="5"
        HeightSpecification="400"/>

</View>
```

</span>
                </tr>
            </tbody>
        </table>
    </div>
</div>

## Related Information

- Dependencies
  - Tizen 6.5 and Higher

> <script>

Reviewer: Script allows to "render" tabbed layout on the page. It should not be visibile.
